---
layout: post
title:  "7 CATCH papers at NeurIPS 2023"
date:   2023-09-26 11:50:00 +1000
categories: jekyll update
excerpt: CATCH researchers co-author papers at the premier AI conference
---
CATCH Principal Investigators and researchers have had 7 full papers accepted to [NeurIPS 2023](https://neurips.cc/Conferences/2023), the premier venue for machine learning research, internationally. Congrats to all involved!

Our researchers are grateful to the support of ARO, DSTG/DISR, and the CATCH program managers.

The papers' authors are keen for feedback from the community. Interested researchers are most welcome to attend the corresponding talks/visit posters at NeurIPS in New Orleans in December 2023, or reach out by email.

**Neurips 2023 CATCH papers**

* _Mechanism design for collaborative normal mean estimation._ Yiding Chen,
Xiaojin Zhu, and Kirthevasan Kandasamy. **Spotlight**.

* _Grounding Neural Inference with Satisfiability Modulo Theories._
Matt Fredrikson, Kaiji Lu, Somesh Jha, Saranya Vijayakumar, Vijay
Ganesh, Zifan Wang. **Spotlight**.

* _RS-Del: Edit distance robustness certificates for sequence classifiers
via randomized deletion._
Zhuoqun Huang, Neil G. Marchant, Keane Lucas, Lujo Bauer, Olga
Ohrimenko, and Benjamin I. P. Rubinstein.

* _Scaling in Depth: Unlocking Robustness Certification on ImageNet._
Kai Hu, Andy Zou, Zifan Wang, Klas Leino, Matt Fredrikson.

* _Dream the impossible: Outlier imagination with diffusion models._ Xuefeng
Du, Yiyou Sun, Xiaojin Zhu, and Yixuan Li.

* _Doubly Robust Peer-To-Peer Learning Protocol_
Nicholas Franzese, Adam Dziedzic, Christopher A. Choquette-Choo, Mark R.
Thomas, Muhammad Ahmad Kaleem, Stephan Rabanser,
Congyu Fang, Somesh Jha, Nicolas Papernot, Xiao Wang.

* _Agnostic Multi-group Active Learning_
Nicholas Rittler and Kamalika Chaudhuri.
